BLEVINS MOBILE AUTO SERVICE,LLC (BREVARD)
Date: 2011-05-05, 11:53AM EDT
Reply to: tblevins004@cfl.rr.com
blevins mobile automotive service Does:

labor per hour $45.00 plus a service charge of $45.00

Charge for labor only,flat rate depends on car/type of repair,Diagnostic fee applied toward labor
Tune-Ups
Batteries
Starters
Brakes
fuel filter
tire plugs
ball joints
cv axles
valve covers gasket
Alternators
Sensors,O2,TPS,MAP,MAF,Knock,Crank,Coolant,Temp,

Distributors,Coils,Coil packs,Modules,

Replace cracked exhaust manifolds,
Intake manifold gaskets,throttle body gaskets,

Radiators,waterpumps,hose,thermostat,fans,

Brakes,pads,shoes,rotors,drums,wheel cylinder,master cylinder,bleed brakes,

Power steering pump,hose,

Lights,signals,headlight switch,turn switch,combo switch,Dash lights,
Serpintine belts,fan belts,

Used car inspection,Check your car before your trip,


Friendly personal service,Repairs at your home,work or if your stuck somewhere,

Computer Diagnostics:

No Start Problems:

When your check engine light (MIL light) is on or you have a driveability problem, we can take these hand held scanners with us to record and check information while driving the car. This is common practice now in dealerships and most repair shops. Technology has made it more convenient for the mobile repair service. For today's repairs, diagnostics is sometimes half of the repair. With modern electronics, this makes it a real challenge - even for the best technicians.


Maintenance:

The best way to keep your vehicle running well in addition to keeping the environment clean, is to have regular maintenance done on your car. This includes having the oil changed once every 3 months, in addition to replacing the filters, checking and replacing other fluids, belts and hoses, checking driving lights and tire pressures and tune-ups. This is what blevins mbile automotive service can do for you - right at your door!

There is no mess left after the job is complete...

In order to work on your vehicle at your home, I require a working area such as a garage, car port, or driveway (preferably flat). For customers who live in an apartment or housing complex, it may be necessary to ask permission from the landlord, to work on your vehicle in the parking lot. **

What about the cost?
blevins mobile service Rate: $45.00 per hour (with a service charge of $45.00 + tax). warranty on all work 30 DAYS:


Before You Call:

When you first phone in, it is helpful to have the following information:

* make, model and year of your vehicle
* engine size, if you know it:


.I AM LICENSED BY THE STATE.

100% RATING ON ANGIE'S LIST CHECK IT OUT FOR YOURSELF>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ANGIE'SLIST.COM



car won't start call blevins mobile:(321)-914-8235:

FAMILY OWNED AND OPERATED: 